README.md, before:

# Squeeze Grip Switch
<!--- TITLE --->
<!--- Open Source Assistive Technology: GitHub Readme Template --->
<!--- SUMMARY --->

The Squeeze/Grip Switch is an assistive technology device designed for special needs students with low grip strength to help them learn cause-and-effect while improving their motor skills.

The current version of the device (v1.0) has been built and user tested.
<img src="photos/Squeeze-Grip-Switch.jpg" width="500" alt="Picture of Adapted Recorder Button.">

## How to Obtain the Device

### 1. Do-it-Yourself (DIY) or Do-it-Together (DIT)

This is an open-source assistive technology, so anyone is free to build it. All of the files and instructions required to build the device are contained within this repository. Refer to the Maker Guide below.

### 2. Get Involved: Requests & Volunteering

- Need this device? If you or someone you know could benefit from the Adapted Recorder Button, please send us an email at [contactus@engineeringgood.org](mailto:contactus@engineeringgood.org). We also invite you to share your journey with us! Tell us your stories about the device and feedback help us make our assistive tech even better!

- Want to help? We are always looking for volunteers to help build these devices for the community. If you have the skills and want to contribute, please contact us via email at [contactus@engineeringgood.org](mailto:contactus@engineeringgood.org).

## Build Instructions

### 1. Read through the Maker Guide

The [Maker Guide](/documentation/Product_Manual_Squeeze_Grip_Switch.pdf)  contains all the necessary information to build this device, including tool lists, assembly instructions, and testing.

### 2. Order the Off-The-Shelf Components

The [Bill of Materials](/documentation/Squeeze_Grip_Switch_BOM.csv) lists all of the parts and components required to build the Adapted Recorder Button.

### 3. Assemble the Adapted Recorder Button

Reference the Assembly Guide section of the [Maker Guide](/documentation/Product_Manual_Squeeze_Grip_Switch.pdf) for the tools and steps required to build each portion.

## How to improve this Device

As open source assistive technology, you are welcomed and encouraged to improve upon the design.

## Files

### Documentation

| Document             | Version | Link |
|----------------------|---------|------|
| Maker Guide          | 1.0     | [Squeeze_Grip_Switch_Maker_Guide](/documentation/Product_Manual_Squeeze_Grip_Switch.pdf)     |
| Bill of Materials    | 1.0     | [Squeeze_Grip_Switch_Bill_of_Materials](/documentation/Squeeze_Grip_Switch_BOM.csv)     |
| User Guide           | 1.0     | [Squeeze_Grip_Switch_User_Guide](/documentation/Product_Manual_Squeeze_Grip_Switch.pdf)    |
| Changelog            | 1.0     | [Squeeze_Grip_Switch_Change_Log](/documentation/CHANGES.txt)     |

## Open Hardware Attribution



## License

Copyright (c) 2024 Neil Squire / Makers Making Change.

This repository describes Open Hardware:

- Everything needed or used to design, make, test, or prepare the Playback Switch is licensed under the [CERN 2.0 Weakly Reciprocal license (CERN-OHL-W v2) or later](https://cern.ch/cern-ohl ).
- All software is under the [GNU General Public License v3.0 (GPL-3.0)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html).
- Accompanying material such as instruction manuals, videos, and other copyrightable works that are useful but not necessary to design, make, test, or prepare the Playback Switch are published under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 license (CC BY-SA 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

You may redistribute and modify this documentation and make products using it under the terms of the [CERN-OHL-W v2](https://cern.ch/cern-ohl).
This documentation is distributed WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY, INCLUDING OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Please see the CERN-OHL-W v2 for applicable conditions.

Source Location: <https://github.com/Engineering-Good/T4G-Squeeze-Grip-Switch>

----

<!-- ABOUT EG START -->
## About Engineering Good

<img src="photos/EG-staff-and-volunteers-2025-scaled.jpg" width="500" alt="Picture of EG staff and volunteers.">

- Website: [https://www.engineeringgood.org](https://www.engineeringgood.org)
- GitHub: [Engineering Good](https://github.com/Engineering-Good)
- Instagram: [@engineeringgood](https://www.instagram.com/engineeringgood/)
- Facebook: [engineeringgood](https://www.facebook.com/engineeringgood.org/)
- LinkedIn: [engineeringgood](https://www.linkedin.com/company/engineeringgood/?originalSubdomain=sg)
- Thingiverse: Not Created
- Printables: Not Created

### Contact Us

For technical questions, to get involved, or to share your experience we encourage you to [visit our website](https://www.engineeringgood.org/), [contact us](https://www.engineeringgood.org/contact-faq/) or email us at [contactus@engineeringgood.org](mailto:contactus@engineeringgood.org).
<!-- ABOUT EG END -->

Commit message:

Fixed all the typo from Adapted push button to Squeeze Grip Switch

README.md, after:

# Squeeze Grip Switch
<!--- TITLE --->
<!--- Open Source Assistive Technology: GitHub Readme Template --->
<!--- SUMMARY --->

The Squeeze/Grip Switch is an assistive technology device designed for special needs students with low grip strength to help them learn cause-and-effect while improving their motor skills.

The current version of the device (v1.0) has been built and user tested.
<img src="photos/Squeeze-Grip-Switch.jpg" width="500" alt="Picture of Squeeze Gip Switch.">

## How to Obtain the Device

### 1. Do-it-Yourself (DIY) or Do-it-Together (DIT)

This is an open-source assistive technology, so anyone is free to build it. All of the files and instructions required to build the device are contained within this repository. Refer to the Maker Guide below.

### 2. Get Involved: Requests & Volunteering

- Need this device? If you or someone you know could benefit from the Squeeze Grip Switch, please send us an email at [contactus@engineeringgood.org](mailto:contactus@engineeringgood.org). We also invite you to share your journey with us! Tell us your stories about the device and feedback help us make our assistive tech even better!

- Want to help? We are always looking for volunteers to help build these devices for the community. If you have the skills and want to contribute, please contact us via email at [contactus@engineeringgood.org](mailto:contactus@engineeringgood.org).

## Build Instructions

### 1. Read through the Maker Guide

The [Maker Guide](/documentation/Product_Manual_Squeeze_Grip_Switch.pdf)  contains all the necessary information to build this device, including tool lists, assembly instructions, and testing.

### 2. Order the Off-The-Shelf Components

The [Bill of Materials](/documentation/Squeeze_Grip_Switch_BOM.csv) lists all of the parts and components required to build the Squeeze Grip Switch.

### 3. Assemble the Squeeze Grip Switch

Reference the Assembly Guide section of the [Maker Guide](/documentation/Product_Manual_Squeeze_Grip_Switch.pdf) for the tools and steps required to build each portion.

## How to improve this Device

As open source assistive technology, you are welcomed and encouraged to improve upon the design.

## Files

### Documentation

| Document             | Version | Link |
|----------------------|---------|------|
| Maker Guide          | 1.0     | [Squeeze_Grip_Switch_Maker_Guide](/documentation/Product_Manual_Squeeze_Grip_Switch.pdf)     |
| Bill of Materials    | 1.0     | [Squeeze_Grip_Switch_Bill_of_Materials](/documentation/Squeeze_Grip_Switch_BOM.csv)     |
| User Guide           | 1.0     | [Squeeze_Grip_Switch_User_Guide](/documentation/Product_Manual_Squeeze_Grip_Switch.pdf)    |
| Changelog            | 1.0     | [Squeeze_Grip_Switch_Change_Log](/documentation/CHANGES.txt)     |

## Open Hardware Attribution



## License

Copyright (c) 2024 Neil Squire / Makers Making Change.

This repository describes Open Hardware:

- Everything needed or used to design, make, test, or prepare the Squeeze Grip Switch is licensed under the [CERN 2.0 Weakly Reciprocal license (CERN-OHL-W v2) or later](https://cern.ch/cern-ohl ).
- All software is under the [GNU General Public License v3.0 (GPL-3.0)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html).
- Accompanying material such as instruction manuals, videos, and other copyrightable works that are useful but not necessary to design, make, test, or prepare the Playback Switch are published under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 license (CC BY-SA 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

You may redistribute and modify this documentation and make products using it under the terms of the [CERN-OHL-W v2](https://cern.ch/cern-ohl).
This documentation is distributed WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY, INCLUDING OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Please see the CERN-OHL-W v2 for applicable conditions.

Source Location: <https://github.com/Engineering-Good/T4G-Squeeze-Grip-Switch>

----

<!-- ABOUT EG START -->
## About Engineering Good

<img src="photos/EG-staff-and-volunteers-2025-scaled.jpg" width="500" alt="Picture of EG staff and volunteers.">

- Website: [https://www.engineeringgood.org](https://www.engineeringgood.org)
- GitHub: [Engineering Good](https://github.com/Engineering-Good)
- Instagram: [@engineeringgood](https://www.instagram.com/engineeringgood/)
- Facebook: [engineeringgood](https://www.facebook.com/engineeringgood.org/)
- LinkedIn: [engineeringgood](https://www.linkedin.com/company/engineeringgood/?originalSubdomain=sg)
- Thingiverse: Not Created
- Printables: Not Created

### Contact Us

For technical questions, to get involved, or to share your experience we encourage you to [visit our website](https://www.engineeringgood.org/), [contact us](https://www.engineeringgood.org/contact-faq/) or email us at [contactus@engineeringgood.org](mailto:contactus@engineeringgood.org).
<!-- ABOUT EG END -->
